the Americas of players and friends of our
class today we will learn to give bosi
our miniatures
good if suddenly I 'm natural I start
so scarecrow-shaped, right?
It's easy to shape because the wire like me
he said it is easy to handle then
You can change with your own hand, huh?
I 'll take this one is going to be a
thumbnail I want a position of
fight with a mother up and down
I advance because of any security
thing pro loud and pointing pointing to
front it is half-lateral then the
people can put a little up to nor
naughty the other a little more
then you will be more or
less so it's super easy if you
I also want and you want something better.
pliers can be used to give a
difference
there is a difference in bending right arm ok
good is easy
the panel friend later as soon as you
decide the position that your thumbnail will
stay
You can already start working the body.
of mass
Okay, so a super simple class for us.
learn how to shape the pose of the
thumbnail once you have the pose
morgado we apply dough she stays
set and earn a living
Okay, until the next